---
layout: page
title: Resume
subtitle: Itamar Tsayag (Sayegh)
# cover-img: assets/img/govplus_cover.jpg
# tags: [computer vision, image processing, landmark detection, segmentation, compliance automation]
comments: true
mathjax: true
# author: Itamar Tsayag
---  
## Summary
Senior Algorithm Developer, Tech Lead, and Data Enthusiast. Known for crafting elegant and innovative solutions to complex problems. Proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams and articulate complex topics.

---
## Experience

### AiVF, Tel-Aviv, Israel  
**Lead Computer Vision Algorithm Developer** (Jan 2023 - Sep 2024)  
- Developed the Day5/Day3 Embryo Grading algorithm and the NiPGT algorithm, enhancing IVF cycle efficacy using Video Classification and Segmentation networks on a complex microscopy video dataset.  
- Led end-to-end development of the ML pipeline, from research to production-ready code, deploying the algorithm into clinical use.  

### Viz.ai, Tel-Aviv, Israel  
**Senior Computer Vision Algorithm Developer** (Jan 2021 - Dec 2022)  
- Developed the Brain CT Perfusion (CTP) algorithm to differentiate between salvageable ischemic and irrevocably damaged brain tissue due to an ischemic stroke. Deployed in 1,500+ hospitals in the US.  
- Integrated MLOps practices to deploy the model at scale, ensuring model performance and versioning for future improvements.  

### Magic Leap, Tel-Aviv, Israel  
**Senior System-Algorithms Engineer** (Jul 2018 - Jul 2020)  
- Played a pivotal role in data-driven architectural decisions by analyzing feedback from user data and factory insights, leading to improved product quality.  
- Pioneered calibration algorithms for a novel ToF depth sensor and developed a method to generate synthetic calibration vectors to enhance device testing procedures.  

### Apple, Herzliya-Pituach, Israel  
**Post-Silicon Test Engineer** (Sep 2016 - Jul 2018)  
- Developed and executed test plans for all stages of chip fabrication and led failure analysis for failing chips.  

### Mellanox Technologies, Yokneam, Israel  
**System Engineer** (Jan 2015 - Sep 2016)  
- Developed the production tests and the calibration line for all Silicon Photonics (SiP) Optical Interconnect products.  

---
## Skills

- **Tech Stack:** Python, Pytorch, Lightning, Scikit, Pandas, Numpy, OpenCV, Streamlit, Hydra, ClearML/MLFlow, Airflow, Docker, Git  
- **Languages:** Hebrew (Native), English (Native)  

---
## Volunteering & Self-Directed Projects

- **EyeRate:** Developed a heart rate estimator using Magic Leap headset's eye-tracking cameras and the EVM algorithm.  
- **The Sagol Center for Hyperbaric Medicine and Research:** Volunteering via Code for Israel to develop a machine learning estimator for assessing PTSD severity in combatants, using autonomic nervous system biomarkers, blood tests, and MRI scans.  
---

## Education

### Bar-Ilan University  
**MSc Electrical Engineering and Data Science** (2019 - 2024)  
- Thesis: *“Uncovering a Winning Lottery Ticket Using Stochastic Gates”*, under the supervision of Dr. Ofir Lindenbaum  

### Tel-Aviv University, Israel  
**BSc Electrical Engineering** (2010 - 2015)  
- Major in Digital Signal Processing and Image Processing  

---

## References  

Available upon request.